Two Sample Logo License

Copyright (c) 2005 Vladimir Vacic, Lilia M. 
Iakoucheva, and Predrag Radivojac.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:
                               
The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.
                               
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

(This is the MIT Open Source License, 
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html)

------

This software is derived from the Cephes Math 
Library which is incorporated herein by permission 
of the author.

Cephes Math Library Release 2.8:  June, 2000
Copyright 1984, 1995, 2000 by Stephen L. Moshier.

------

This software is derived from the WebLogo, a 
sequence logo generator. 

WebLogo License

Copyright (c) 2002 Gavin E. Crooks, Gary Hon, 
John-Marc Chandoniai, and Steven E. Brenner.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:
                               
The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.
                               
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

(This is the MIT Open Source License, 
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html)
